
This repo contains several slide presentations for use during the Railsbridge Open Workshops Spanish Version.

Not all presentations are ready to be shown yet!

# Installing Showoff

We use a Ruby app called `showoff` to generate and serve the workshop slides. 
ShowOff is a Sinatra web app that reads simple configuration files for a
presentation created by Scott Chaccon (https://github.com/schacon/showoff.git)


I'm using Alex's showoff gem. Alex has been improving showoff; until his latest patches get accepted and released, you will have to download and install his version, as follows:

    git clone git://github.com/alexch/showoff.git
    cd showoff
    bundle install --without optional
    rake gem:install

# Installing these slides

I have been working on these slides from zero and translating them from the original English's version to Spanish, so until they are accepted into the Railsbridge github repo, do this:

    git clone git://github.com/cde/es-workshop.showoff.git

= Requirements

	* Ruby (duh)
	* Sinatra (and thus Rack)
	* BlueCloth
	* Nokogiri
	* json
	* GLI gem
	* Firefox or Chrome to present
	* PDFKit (optional, for generating PDF of presentation) https://github.com/jdpace/PDFKit

# Running a single presentation

For example, if you want to run the "Bienvenido" presentation, which lives in the `teachers` directory, do
    
    showoff serve Bienvenido

This will launch a local Sinatra server on port 9090. Open your browser to `localhost:9090`. On a Mac you can run:

    open http://localhost:9090

Use arrow keys to navigate slides. Press '?' to see a help window.

(You can also `cd` into the directory and then run `showoff serve` if you like.)

# Running several presentations in a row

You can create a custom presentation out of any combination and ordering of the section directories by creating your own `showoff.json` file. See `nyc.json` for an example -- it's the same as the standard `showoff.json` but inserts NY-specific resources after the Welcome section.

# Editing slides

Slides are in [Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) format. Showoff will read all `.md` files in alphabetical order.

You can also add custom `.css`, `.scss`, and `.js` files, which will get imported into all slide sections.

Images should be in, or relative to, the current directory.

# Printing slides

Try this: first `gem install pdfkit`, then visit

    http://localhost:9090/pdf

but I make no guarantees!

# Support

Email <mailto:railsbridge-workshops@googlegroups.com>
Email <mailto:railsbridge-espanol@googlegroups.com>


# LICENSE

This project is under an open source license. We're not sure exactly which one... probably MIT.



